---
inFeed: true
description: >-
  There's a reason we’re the fastest growing Insurance Marketing Groups in USA.
  It All Starts With Our Warm Market Leads System. Don’t just take it from us,
  See For Yourself!
dateModified: '2017-03-20T23:10:40.713Z'
datePublished: '2017-03-20T23:10:41.094Z'
title: >-
  Our agents benefit by using the Exclusive Warm Lead Program That Places Agents
  In Front of Buyers: Our clients have requested our services after retaining a
  new mortgage. We only see the people that want our services!
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
sourcePath: _posts/2017-02-17-3fc50452-c913-4d5e-a521-728ab9445e51.md
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2017-02-17T01:53:38.055Z'
_type: Blurb

---
There's a reason we're the fastest growing Insurance Marketing Groups in USA. It All Starts With Our Warm Market Leads System. **Don't just take it from us, **_**See For Yourself!**_
[Schedule A Call][0]

### **Our agents benefit by using the Exclusive Warm Lead Program** That Places Agents In Front of Buyers: Our clients have requested our services after retaining a new mortgage. We only see the people that want our services!

Most mortgage protection insurance plans are offered with simplified underwriting, meaning that there are no physical exams required to qualify. Many mortgage protection insurance plans have additional coverage options that can be added on. These would include disability protection, critical illness protection, and even a unique return of premium feature that offers a refund of all eligible premiums at the end of your term. That's right: life insurance if you need it or a refund if you don't

Mortgage protection insurance is a life insurance product that is designed to pay off your mortgage in the event of your death.

The mortgage is normally any American family's biggest investment as well as their largest monthly expense. Many American families rely on two incomes to ensure that all household expenses can be covered, and without the proper amount of insurance most families would be facing a significant risk of foreclosure.

Mortgage Protection Insurance is more than a piece of paper. It's an investment into your family's future. With the proper mortgage insurance coverage you can rest easy knowing your family will never lose their home, even if an unthinkable tragedy should ever occur.

### **Mortgage Protection Protects The Family**

1\. To ensure that their family is protected against losing their home in the event of a death, disability, or illness.

2\. Competitive and affordable premiums without the hassle of a physical exam.

3\. To supplement life insurance that your work may provide.

4\. A fixed death benefit amount for a specific period of time.

5\. Death benefit protection with a Return of Premium Option.

6\. A life insurance policy that offers additional coverage options such as critical illness and disability insurance.

Work Right Out of Your Home! We focus on earning both TIME AND MONEY, the definition of true wealth. Our agents spend 2-3 days a week meeting with clients. The rest of the work is done from the comfort of your own home.

World Class Incentive Trips and Bonuses: Our agents participate in trips most people only dream about. Barcelona, Maui, Cancun, Naples, and Alaska are just some of the destinations our agents will travel to in 2017, all provided by our carriers!

Sureway Financial Is Partnered With The Fastest Growing insurance organizations in America. Our agents are located all across USA. Our management team has over 50 years of industry experience and we offer a variety of financial and insurance solutions leveraging the very best providers in the country.

The Leads Department streamlines the sales process by placing agents in front of buyers, thus eliminating the need for prospecting. From the very first phone call until the final sale and application, our CRM Software allows agents to manage their client database.

We're Using only the industries top A rated carriers, our agents provide families with coverage in case of a death, disability or critical illness. When an unfortunate event happens to one of our covered families, insurance companies step in and ease the financial burden.

[0]: https://calendly.com/surewaytolive/15min/02-16-2017?back=1